hella clear confirmation that it is a
person causing this yeah we all know
I'll never be the director Coulson
awesome he'd be proud the job suits
didn't know if you get through boys
tanker didn't make it
what about Sarge he's coming soon it's
his crossing clear no clothes on a
department head
two of our brightest minds on a deep
space they can't make contact and until
they jump back we need you are innocent
people let her go she'll never heard of
it I found something inside the chamber
narrow I see I've seen it before it's a
planet that's why face with her we are
approaching neuro at SIA is it safe for
Estonia it will be challenging to
conceal that we have murdered the
controller the other crewmembers they
could easily find employment on the
planet of Kitson going that deep is not
smart no we can't let this trail go cold
enter the coordinates
let's get her the coordinates where'd
you up to
those guys must need something when they
go for it
we'll be watching we need you back I
think I'll be out of here why I'm a
damaged person from a damaged world
there's even a chance that can happen
again you'd want to see the world before
it does I'm not a shield Legion for some
reason I'm still hanging around this
rustic tween bite agent Keller
he's obviously attracted to you I'm
betting it's mutual I'm not afraid of
Matt by now
honestly I'd much rather we tell him
about it than him stumble on he has not
to deal with revenues people came from
I think they destroyer
seriously I'll eat for three minutes and
the plane goes all the he'll see that
were closed what does that mean I don't
know but it rings a bell it's gonna make
a mess I'm looking all over for you
it's so fake Coulson put a parasite in
this man and implanted him with this the
old Fitz is a wanted man wanted for
tampering with the universe where did it
go
[Music]
you should not be here
one of the guys and there's a spitting
image of Phil Coulson let's go I've got
the girl in my sights any sign of him
yeah if you're not gonna kill me then
what do you want you're about to find
out you know it has been a long time you
know this woman I'm a chronicle you
don't actually know how we did it
dispose of the criminal stop this now if
anyone can solve the mysteries of time
travel it is Leopold Fitz what would
motivate him to do what we need her it's
particularly lethal one @ro wants to
know how you were able to travel through
time so that we may go back and save our
world the last thing that I would ever
want is for sentence to be in danger and
you knew that nasty place they called
the Shrike they jump to a new world and
inspect the hosts when it couldn't get
to me static screaming super charger
turning the hosts energy into pure
destruction I have taken bold action we
must go
your grandfather funny how this robot
friend stay put mr. Kitson would want to
deal with them personally hm rates on
her way back she caught it
partners
worse fit so soon these guys started
shaking and screaming as soon as we put
em together
there's no way that's gonna hold and if
it gets out we could lose the point
you got your tracker beam add to threat
that we're headed for each other wow you
two at once seems like you've outsmarted
me your name I though your knowledge
might be perfect for searching for our
knowledge is mostly earth-based
of two parents you mean we're going to
what do you want my team in my truck do
now what we're doing cold that stuff
can't survive in that first day for
coming home
don't get comfortable there's a lot more
out there where those two came from and
where is it where's what the bomb from
it'll leave a crater 200 miles wide when
I Zell lands I'm gonna blow her and her
black tower of death into oblivion
you're not leaving until it's dismantled
it's no flick I'm sorry
says he's over a hundred years old he's
hunting creatures called the Shrike
their creator is coming earth will be
destroyed possibly by sergeant and he
won't stop until he sir there's a large
unidentified object approaching earth
there seems to be headed toward the
rendezvous point what's the call sir
standing by
that the Alice a made of stone again
create will beings through space and
time
we go right back
where she not here you robbed me of my
family memories of it's not that I stole
your memories Sarge
it's they never had any to begin with
tell us Sarge I completed the mission
I know we all saw something in Sarge
that wasn't there should have killed him
the moment I saw him
those whose journeys have just begun
because without every single one of you
there is no shield you really
so your gravitonium device contains the
energy of three monoliths even if I so
gets that power for herself not good the
only thing powerful enough to defeat me
it's inside you and you're afraid to let
it out I thought for sure you read out
by now those wounds what was they've all
healed doesn't make any sense
hello friends she's the perfect way for
me to escape this place I'm coming with
you fine
your plane has the room
the person that is in there is not the
man that you loved it's possible that
the three energies combined to create
another Kusum space and time this human
body took it over and in return you got
everything that comes with this
unwilling vessel of monoliths to be used
to open a doorway between our world in
the world where as L comes from come on
what are you waiting for do it kill me
sky
you're gonna sacrifice yourself that's
what Colson would have done my family
will come through and take over the
Shrike host what the deal is destroyed
there isn't a way to complete the ritual
so your minds are going to create them
for me I think
Sarge's powers are very dangerous but
there might be just what we need
she's taking people over possessing them
I will gather a force to find Fitz and
Simmons that is not necessary
we have their brain when the DL is
resident in harmony they'll open a
gateway to my home were you able to
reach out to our fellow anthropologists
there is a problem the chronic comes on
your list are no longer anthropologists
okay I made it now what now you wait for
extract really think this man is clothes
start started to remember who we really
is we don't know what it is pain that's
been a knife in my heart for so long
it's love the pain is love and now I
know how to end
leave no prison how does it feel to be
your true self once more long overdue
yet here you are ready to claim well
we've always loaned for a new home
it's only a matter of time it's a prison
from which I freed you and I'd be
grateful for that if you hadn't been the
one responsible for my captivity
very action to freed you to stand by my
side ready to deliver our people into
this world I can't
once the three open the temple that
forgotten the flood will come
they were finally Tory
great to take form to know what it is to
feel as
[Music]
if I turn I need you to take one of
those nice put it right here you know I
found that bluffing was much easier if
you kill someone and take their skin
either you underestimated the woman's
strength oh we don't want her dead to
begin with this will be the hardest
thing you have ever done I doubt that
her thing's ever easy with you is it
what do we have to do change the natural
course of your lives forever get ready
to be reborn
[Music]
you've come to witness the arrive
they're erasing from existence they'll
do it for me
in there come on that's right I get a
battle will rage with you
can't wait
[Music]
they believe any shield can stop them so
they sent hunters to destroy shield and
everyone within it
you're right I could see the Empire
State Building your answer jump drive to
like I said we had time we have a
problem that Fitz and I could not solve
but you're not provided a possible
solution the chronic home hunters have
furious black box as well as centuries
of anthropological research to pull from
he has all of his own memories and has
been upgraded with complete knowledge of
everything he's missed he has chronic um
hardware which makes him almost
riots
[Music]
hey guys
you